the videos been viewed tens of thousands
of times there's hundreds of comments on
Facebook and a lot of people are asking
who is the Clinton couch guy if you
haven't seen the video
Jacob Kittleson has a peek at it he
joins us now in the studio Jacob yeah
this video got posted only yesterday on
Clinton real talks Facebook page showing
a man basically failing at being a human
trailer for a used sofa it raises more
questions than it answers namely what
were they thinking so I tracked him down
and I asked him and here we all right in
front of the fridge the photographer is
Billy Ray Pope lifelong resident of
Clinton seen something he's never seen
before and there they go and I saw the
young man holding the couch in the back
of the trunk of the car I thought well
they must be headed around here to a
pickup or something to put the couch in
and they just kept heaving along there
and they made the turn to get it towards
the stop sign toward the street and I
thought to myself we're surely not
they're not there nothing to do that so
who is this mystery man I look behind me
and I saw the guy recording me I was
like oh okay I'm gonna be on YouTube
that's cool
korban Bhutto is a business student at
MC his decision he explains was one of
economics well I needed a couch thrift
stores right across the street so I
figured I could rent a u-haul which is
like 25 30 bucks or I could carry it
which is like on the 150 200 yards or I
could just hold one half of it and have
someone drive the car but they just kind
of took off on acceleration and they
must have forgot that the young man was
back there carrying the cow I try to
hold on because I don't want to ruin the
couch that I just paid for but it drops
so you know whatever look into Corbin's
life he also goes by the names Kobo and
Sinclair trying to break into the rap
game but people in Clinton might
recognize him better from his lawn care
business that goes by clear-cut Clinton
there's a chance I might have knocked on
your door and passed out a flyer because
I spent about two hours a night you know
marketing I guess what does he think
about this exposure
really whatever I decided to start
laughing at it also and just have some
fun with it so I started commenting on
the page and people like where is this
guy so I just said he's probably sitting
on its new couch reading all these
comments and like 20 people liked it I
mean there are a lot of comments like
wow this guy's an idiot like I think I'd
be an idiot if I spent 30 bucks for a
new hall when I live right across the
street it was a really nice guy found
him I remember hearing you saying I'm
gone I'm gonna go get your man don't ya
shorty what oh I guess no police
officers were there because certainly
that looks big one drove by and actually
ran it past Clinton Police Department
they said that yeah this is illegal and
it's probably some form of obstructing
traffic but you know he's not gonna be
charged with anything that video can't
really be used as evidence it would only
be a citation they're just gonna let it
go and then look pretty good I don't get
it there are a few stains on it a lot of
you know yeah all right
[Music]